We are ready to run our system, so let's launch that.
So here it is, pulling this rabbit MQ image.
The rest all of the images were there, so it is going to use that to create the container.
OK, so all containers have been launched.
Now, let's look at the log files of one of those containers.
So Gateway service is starting.
We can check what's happening for order service, which is what we are interested in most this time.
So that has also started.
Still, it's going to take some time.
In the meantime, what we can do is, let's say for ElasticSearch would be up, so let's just check
if ElasticSearch is up.
So, yeah, so it looks like ElasticSearch is up, so let's at least connect to that to see what's going
on right now.
So the machine external APIs this.
So this is a better way of monitoring, so if we can connect to our web application, we can get the
URL for ElasticSearch so we can make use of that.
Web application comes up pretty fast.
You can always use that.
Now let's.
We'll have to create an index done so fluently is.
What we will create, it is already irrelevant because we were even created.
We have seen this, so I'm going to rush through this.
And we will go back to discover after creating index programs, so these are the logs that are coming
in order to make this log more clear.
Let's select log over here and then we can select, let's say, container name.
And we can select log level if it is there.
Yeah, log level is dead, so OK.
So this is a biased log that we are seeing over here, so it is much clearer.
So this will tell us actually what's going on.
So if you want to check.
But service has started and with service has not started, so let's get started.
Web application so you can search for this.
And we can see this that order service two or service one product service, inventory service or provision
service and admin service get the service they have started.
So we monitor them, we will actually find them.
OK, so they have all started, so this is a much better way of knowing if these services are started,
still better is that we can go to our Matrix, Prometheus Matrix and there we can look for targets.
So this is it shows that everything is up.
So this is actually the best way of monitoring our system.
This is how we will do it in production.
But because we have over a period of time evolve these things, we added these things later on.
So I have already added some monitoring so that in case if we do not have this full fledged monitoring,
then we can monitor to these little utilities over here.
OK, so let's add some data to our data alert system.
Right now we see if you look at product data, there won't be any products.
If we go to products, there is nothing.
So let's add some data.
Let's create data.
And then after that, what we want to do is we want to create order.
The data is created, so let's go and create order because that is where we are expecting asynchronous
processing.
There are no orders that are not.
Let's go to products.
OK, so let's select this book number two.
It's add this to cart and let's go to cart.
And let's create order.
If you notice over here, the status right now is in process.
That means the order has not been processed yet, and it is probably in the queue at the time when we
fetch the order.
So if we now go to orders window.
It is it created state that means it has been pulled out of the messaging queue and it has been processed.
So how do we know that that it was actually processed by the messaging queue?
We can go to, we can actually connect to it every time you worked for that on board one five six seven
two.
But we will need this IPO for this.
So let's replace global host with the every time queue.
OK, so if you are logging in here for the first time, you can use guest guest as the default username
and password that every time cue provides.
OK, so this now, if you look at this message, read over here for the last 10 minutes.
There is a spike over here, and this spike is for this because this is a green color, so we can we
know this, that this is for the delivery of the message.
Now that is where we can see, publish also but publish and deliver probably happen near vote at the
same time.
So that's why we see an overlap over here and we can remove that overlap if I can just filter out,
deliver.
Then we see these yellow publish the yellow population.
This green acknowledgement happened at the same time.
So we see this green spike on the top.
But this is actually a combination of publish and deliver.
So how do we?
Is there any other way to see this?
Yes, there is another way.
Now let's look at our tracing Yeager tracing.
What does it tell us?
Let's look at auto service.
Find places.
This one is for create order.
This is the most recent one.
You know, if you look at this.
These deaths, these spans up to this point.
They are related to create order, so the pre-processing part that we are doing where we are killing
the order.
So this is the place where actually order got you.
So this new order is where the order got you, and it has taken three point four two milliseconds to
kill the order.
And this particular create order actually got finished in 91 milliseconds.
So once this cleared part of cleared order pre has finished.
This order processing has started after the message from Robert MQ was pushed to the order process once
again.
So if you see this, this order processing.
This order processing was done by instance, order service, too.
So if I create another order, maybe that order will be created will be processed by order processing
one.
So let's create another order.
It's going to create order.
Let's go to orders.
We know this isn't in process right now.
So this is created.
Now let's try to solve this one.
This the first order was processed by orders of these two.
Now let's search for the traces again.
This is the most recent create order.
Let's look at this.
So now we look at order processing.
This one was processed by orders of this one.
So we notice that the orders are being processed asynchronously.
We can again check that this is out of second order, which we created just now and.
So we have two orders in our system, which got processed asynchronously, so these are the two orders
who are asynchronous processes running perfectly fine.
And we are able to process message with multiple consumers in this case.
We have two consumers orders of this one and orders of two.
There is another way we can check this what is being processed.
So let's say we can search for order service one or leave messages and let's look at this one.
So Order Service one or order service two?
And the message should have processed orders.
So if you look at this, these are two messages with processed order and one message is coming out from
orders of this one.
And other messages coming out from orders of IS two.
So on, multiple consumers are working and are asynchronous.
Processing is working perfectly fine.
But rabbit and you so that finishes are item on it every time to what we have achieved over here is
that if you look at this, we have divided this order processing into two parts.
So one part.
One part is let me just go back to that.
So one part is pre-processing of the order.
Very quickly queue the order in this big part that we see over here.
This is basically order processing.
Parts of these are happening separately.
There is no connection between them.
The only connection between them is that we have.
Connected the trace so that we can get a unified trace of the entire process.
So when there is a lot of load on the database, only this part can be finished quickly and this remaining
part of order processing can be done or finished when the system has the capacity to process these orders
because they are there in the queue.
This system can pick up those orders from the queue when it is in a position to process them.
So that's how we'll be able to reduce some load from our database by distributing it in time.
Now let's go to the next item.